right McCarroll the powerful and
dramatic story of those bold and
courageous pioneers who brought
civilization to the banks of the Rio
Grande they're on toe story is one of
thrilling moments an exciting daredevil
adventurer oddly mixed with the
tenderness of romance and with it all a
lust and friar of rough and rugged
country for to live a man or a woman
must fight
suspense and shocking surprise with
MGM's dynamic starring team robert
taylor was the quiet and deadly outlaw
real a completely different role to
follow his worldwide success in covetous
and Ivanhoe Ava Gardner as Cordelia a
woman beautiful to see but unpredictable
and dangerous to touch I've never been
beyond those hills what's over there
real Esqueda what is he what kind of a
man is he real the worst this is what he
lives by it's his way of life a bullet
missed when silver he gave it to me once
as a present yes Kate is the kind of man
who cannot live without power and who
cannot get it without destruction will
you take me to him the strong will fight
the strong sinner for the position of
the week see it's not a personal matter
at all and the meek will never inherit
the earth only six feet over to Nora
tell me again tell me again before I
kill you for saying it my life Senora
means a little of anyone less to me